 1. What regulatory documents cannot be adopted on industrial safety issues?
A) Federal laws.
B) Normative legal acts of the Government of the Russian Federation.
C) Normative legal acts of the President of the Russian Federation.
D) Normative legal acts of the constituent entities of the Russian Federation.
&
2. What is the main purpose of the Federal Law of July 21, 1997 No. 116-FZ "On Industrial Safety of Hazardous Production Facilities"?
A) Elimination of emergency situations that arose as a result of a man-made accident.
B) Reducing the likelihood of accidents at a hazardous production facility and, as a result, reducing the level of environmental pollution during the operation of hazardous production facilities.
C) Prevention of accidents at hazardous production facilities and ensuring the readiness of legal entities and individual entrepreneurs operating hazardous production facilities to localize and eliminate the consequences of these accidents.
D) Establishment of a procedure for investigating and recording accidents at a hazardous production facility.
&
3. Industrial safety of hazardous production facilities in accordance with Federal Law of July 21, 1997 No. 116-FZ "On Industrial Safety of Hazardous Production Facilities" is:
A) The state of protection of the constitutional right of citizens of the Russian Federation to a favorable environment by preventing the negative impacts of economic and other activities on the environment.
B) The system of measures established by law that ensure the state of protection of the vital interests of the individual and society from accidents at hazardous production facilities and the consequences of these accidents.
C) The state of protection of the vital interests of the individual and society from accidents at hazardous production facilities and the consequences of these accidents.
D) The system of statutory prohibitions, restrictions and regulations for the safe operation of hazardous production facilities.
&
4. What definition corresponds to the concept of "accident" set forth in the Federal Law of July 21, 1997 No. 116-FZ "On Industrial Safety of Hazardous Production Facilities"?
A) Failure or damage to technical devices used at a hazardous production facility, deviation from the established process mode.
B) Destruction of structures and (or) technical devices used at a hazardous production facility, uncontrolled explosion and (or) release of hazardous substances.
C) Controlled and (or) uncontrolled combustion, as well as the explosion of a hazardous production facility.
D) Violation of the integrity or complete destruction of structures and technical devices of a hazardous production facility in the absence of an explosion or release of hazardous substances.
